README.md, before:

# Sticky Note Application - Front-End assignment

This page contains description and requirements for a Front-End assignment on Vanilla **Javascript**, **HTML5**, **CSS3**.

### Duration

This assessment duration is set to one hour and a half.

### Goal

The goal is to check the applicant is able to:
- Build an application from scratch using only vanilla JS, HTML and CSS and know how to use these technologies without any help from external libraries or external resources,
- Make a responsive view,
- Make a cross-browsers application,
- Write clean code,
- Use git,
- Write short and clean documentation.

### Requirements

1. Create a public github repository that you will send to us.
2. For implementation you should and can only use **Javascript**, **HTML5**, **CSS3**.
3. Create a single page Sticky note app. The user should be able to:
  - Edit the title and content of the notes,
  - Add new notes,
  - Delete notes,
  - Save all his notes,
  - Filter notes on title thanks to a search bar
4. Explain in simple words how to install and run your project within your README file.
5. Send the link of your github repository for reviewing to [tgcorbeaux@maltem.com](mailto:tgcorbeaux@maltem.com).

##### Remarks
Feel free to add everything you think meaningful to your application as long as the above requirements are done.

### Specification

* The code needs to work after we pull it and try it (no bugs).
* The view should be responsive, user-friendly and clear.
* It should work on Chrome, Safari and IE (>= 10).

Commit message:

Added a read me for more details on how I got started

README.md, after:

### Getting Started

- Head onto your terminal/git bash console and enter the following command:

  - git clone https://github.com/Silavin/sticky-note-vanilla.git

- On VSCode, install the plugin: Live Server by Ritwick Dey

- Start the live server by right clicking the index.html file and Open with Live Server.

Note: Filter will reset whenever you add a new note. I do not judge this as a bug

### Goal

The goal is to check the applicant is able to:

- Build an application from scratch using only vanilla JS, HTML and CSS and know how to use these technologies without any help from external libraries or external resources,
- Make a responsive view,
- Make a cross-browsers application,
- Write clean code,
- Use git,
- Write short and clean documentation.

### Requirements

1. Create a public github repository that you will send to us.
2. For implementation you should and can only use **Javascript**, **HTML5**, **CSS3**.
3. Create a single page Sticky note app. The user should be able to:

- Edit the title and content of the notes,
- Add new notes,
- Delete notes,
- Save all his notes,
- Filter notes on title thanks to a search bar

4. Explain in simple words how to install and run your project within your README file.
5. Send the link of your github repository for reviewing to [tgcorbeaux@maltem.com](mailto:tgcorbeaux@maltem.com).
